---
permalink: privacy
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
---
#THIS STUFF IS REALLY, REALLY IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY TERMS (“PRIVACY POLICY”), CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU SIGN-UP, ACCESS, OR USE THIS SITE OR OFFERED SERVICE. THESE PRIVACY TERMS DESCRIBE HOW WE COLLECT AND USE DATA AND INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE WHILE USING THIS SITE OR ANY OFFERED SERVICE.

WELCOME, we Chickadee Tech, LLC (“Chickadee Tech”) pride ourselves on manufacturing innovative technology products (“Products”) and providing great services for your enjoyment.

## I JUST AGREED TO THE GENERAL TERMS OF USE, WHY DO I HAVE TO AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
Your agreement to BOTH this Privacy Policy, and our Terms located at [https://chickadee.tech/terms](/terms) is a material condition to your use of this Site and any offered services. What this means is that this Privacy Policy and the Terms work together to define and control your use of this Site and any offered Services, and are to be interpreted and integrated as a single set of terms and conditions. If you do not want to be bound by or cannot agree to both sets of terms, you must not use this Site or any offered service. Please contact us if you have any questions at [support@chickadee.tech](mailto:support@chickadee.tech).

## WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY DO?
This Privacy Policy along with the Terms describe how Chickadee Tech handles, uses, processes, and discloses “User Content” and “Content” made available or provided by you while using this Site or any offered service. For purposes of the Terms and this Privacy Policy “Content” includes, data and information including; text, user comments, information, data, graphics, news articles, images, illustrations, software, and downloads. “User Content” is the Content you (as one of our users) provide when using this Site or any offered service. By submitting any User Content through this Site or any offered service, you expressly consent to the transfer of such data and information, some which could be personal in nature.

## SERVICES AND SITE.
In addition to the sale of our Products this Site and any offered service may from time-to-time be used as an online community which enables customers and visitors to share comments, opinions and ideas, participate in contests and promotions, and access support materials provided on this Site or via offered service. Services include, but are not limited to, any service and/or content we make available to or perform for you, as well as the offering of any materials displayed, transmitted or performed through this Site or any offered service. We may collect personal identification information from in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you use this Site or any offered service, register on the Site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available. We will collect personal identification information only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent you from engaging in certain Services and Site related activities.

## USE OF CONTENT.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all User Content you make available through the Service, and Site. We cannot, nor do we monitor or manage User Content. We do not endorse and are not responsible for the accuracy or truthfulness of any User Content, including opinions, advice or statements made using this Site or any offered service so you must always do your own independent research and come to your own conclusions as it concerns products and services discussed or appearing on this Site or via any offered service.

## WE DO NOT OWN THE DATA AND INFORMATION (“USER CONTENT”) YOU PROVIDE WHEN USING OUR SERVICE!
However, we do maintain limited license rights (license) for the purposes of collecting, handling and displaying User Content.

## WHAT (AND HOW) DATA AND INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Your information is used solely for online transactions and other offered services. We will never share your private information with any other third parties. No matter what payment method (credit card) you choose to check out with, (assuming the method is made available by us) the transaction is processed by and secured by a third-party vendor. As a result of you using this Site or any offered service, we collect, either automatically (e.g. IP Addresses) or by your actions (e.g. uploading) the following data and information known as User Content: Data and information you submit when using this Site or any offered service (e.g., content in the user’s profile or postings) including personal as well as credit card information for purposes of billing and processing the any transactions requiring such information: Examples of this information include: Name, Shipping Address, Email Address, Credit Card Number, Name on Credit Card, Expiration Date, Credit Card Billing Address, 3-Digit Security CCV Code, and Telephone Number. You are solely responsible for all User Content and must be mindful of your own privacy needs as you choose who to connect with and what to share and make public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public or share with others as such you assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that makes you or any third party personally identifiable. You represent and warrant that all User Content you provide does not violate this Privacy Policy or our Terms. You may not state or imply that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by us. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates a law, regulation or policy. Chickadee Tech is not obligated to backup User Content and User Content may be deleted as described below.

## NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION.
We may collect non-personal identification information whenever you use this Site or any offered service. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about the means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

## WEB BROWSER COOKIES.
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance your experience. Cookies are placed on your computer for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about. You may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the Service and Site may not function properly.

## THIRD PARTY LINKS.
From time to time, this Site may contain links to web sites not owned, operated or controlled by us or our respective affiliates. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Neither Chickadee Tech nor any of our affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other web site. Neither Chickadee Tech nor any of our affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other web sites, or content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other web sites, or the results that you may obtain from using another web site. If you decide to access any other web sites linked to or from this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and responsibility.

## SOCIAL NETWORKING SERVICES.
We may permit you to login to this Site or otherwise associate your account and login credentials from a third party social networking sites (Facebook) (“SNS”). If you log in or otherwise associate your account with your login credentials from a SNS, we may receive information about you from such SNS, in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g., terms of use and privacy policy) of the SNS terms and conditions. If you elect to share your information with these SNS, we will share such information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS terms and conditions will apply to the information, including User Content that we disclose to them.

## PERSONAL OR REGULATED DATA AND INFORMATION.
We do not knowingly collect information which is regulated. For example, information characterized as personally identifiable information (“PII”) or information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1966 (“HIPAA”) is not knowingly collected by us unless you choose to provide this type of information. In the event you choose to provide this type of information you do so at your own risk, knowing that this Site and any offered service are not compliant with laws and regulations such as HIPAA. We are not responsible or obligated to manage or protect such information as required by HIPAA or the applicable law or regulation.

## WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE DATA AND INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
The data and information we collect is used for a number of things (depending on the type of data and information collected) including to recommend content or determine whether the information you have requested is available in your location: (i) the facilitation and creation of an active user account; (ii) to identify you as a user of this Site or any offered service; (iii) to provide, personalize, and improve this Site and any offered service; (iv) to communicate with you about your use of this Site or any offered service; (iv) to develop new products and services; (v) to customize the advertising you view and recommend content; (vi) to fulfill your requests; (vii) to send newsletters, surveys, offers and promotional materials related to this Site or any offered service and for other marketing purposes of Chickadee Tech; (viii) to protect, investigate, and prevent potentially fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activities; and (ix) to use your geographic location (opt-in).

## WHEN DO WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE THE DATA AND INFORMATION COLLECTED?
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners for the purposes outlined above. In addition to the forgoing, we will only share or disclose your data and information (including if necessary any personal information) under the following situations: (i) to protect our rights and the rights of other users; (ii) with others who perform services on our behalf for the benefit of you as it relates to your order (a third-party service); (iii) if we believe we are required to do so by law, or to comply with a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant; (iv) if we believe doing so is appropriate or necessary to prevent any liability, or any fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; (v) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Chickadee Tech or others; (vi) in the event Chickadee Tech is or may be acquired by or merged with another company or involved in any other business deal (or negotiation of a business deal) involving sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets, we may transfer or assign your information as part of or in connection with the transaction; (vii) if aggregated and/or anonymized, with our partners, advertisers, or other third parties; or (viii) if you access or associate your Account with a Social Networking Service.

## HOW LONG DO WE HOLD THE USER DATA AND INFORMATION COLLECTED?
We do not operate our own servers, choosing like many others to operate on a third-party platform using third-party servers (cloud environment). To the extent you provide personal information we will only share that information (which we control) for purposes of processing your order. Please contact us at any time for purposes of having us remove the information which we control.

## DISCLAIMER ON COLLECTION AND TRANSFER OF DATA AND INFORMATION.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to and we are not responsible for other parties including third party analytics service providers and advertising partners who collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Service. You are responsible for and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third parties to learn what information they collect from you. If you use our Service and reside outside the U.S., your information will be transferred to the U.S. and will be processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using our Service and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to and processing in the U.S. You are responsible for complying with any laws or regulations in your country that govern use of our Service.

## PRIVACY OF CHILDREN.
Children under the age of 18 are not allowed to use our Site and/or purchase our Product or utilize any offered service.

## WHAT ABOUT SECURITY – HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
Chickadee Tech takes commercially reasonable steps to help protect the data and information against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, or disclosure. No company can fully prevent security risks, however. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.

Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users We do not transmit financial information by email. If you use our web form, your financial information is encrypted so that not even employees have access to your credit / debit / charge / e-check account number. Order information is stored in a password-protected area, only accessible by authorized personnel.

## INFORMATION CHOICES.
You always have the right to know what personal information Chickadee Tech has about you and to correct any inaccuracies. Please direct any such requests by email to [support@chickadee.tech](mailto:support@chickadee.tech).

## CONTACT AND EMAIL.
Please do not provide sensitive personal information to us by e-mail. Instead, use our web forms, which employ SSL technology. However, if you choose to correspond with us via email, we will retain the content of your email message together with your email address and our responses. We use administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect our computing infrastructure and your personal information from unauthorized use, access, modification or disclosure.

## CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
From time to time, we may revise these privacy terms. To help you stay current of any changes, we note the date this this Privacy Policy was last updated. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the Terms, this Site, any of our Products or any offered services, please contact us at [support@chickadee.tech](mailto:support@chickadee.tech). We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time by direct electronic notification to you or by posting the amended terms on this page. All amended terms shall automatically be effective for new users or new purchases immediately on posting and, in all other cases, 30 days after they are initially posted and dated, unless otherwise specified in a notice to you.

## YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
By using this Site, ordering a Product or using any offered services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy including the Terms. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy or the Terms, you must not use this Site, purchase a Product or use any offered services. Your continued use of this Site, purchasing a Product or using any offered services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Last Updated June, 2016
